and then everything right here is Daniel Mameluco and
this one is a boot mark this new
model called energy
and if from here with composite nozzle to
who does not know composite is a
plastic component
only of very high resistance to
you have an idea it more resistant
stronger than the lighter steel model
is very light despite the protective nozzle
and more convenient since it was not
Import with metal detector by
example banks or airports
it is inside it it has a liner the
lining made in 3d fabric artec a fabric
until known for the purpose of
maintain the internal temperature of the footwear
always nice
the strong part off footwear is made in
microfiber a very malleable component a
and soft tissue very resistant
also contributes to maintaining
the temperature of your always pleasant foot
it does not stain when in contact with
chemicals washable if you
It works the use of footwear is a place with
too much dust or with mud for example
and the water-repellent does not repel the water I
I will demonstrate here in the test the effectiveness
that the microfiber stowage when it
respect to water-repellent quality
of the repellent, you realize you realize that
the water there she runs she can not
penetrate the fabric into microfiber
interesting feature
often even fundamentally depending on
the type of work the site type
you will use this footwear is a
footwear approved by the Ministry of
I work as a safety footwear, right?
he even by the beak his side
it is also a sole approved by the
ministry of labor as one with a
non-slip floor
it also resistant to oil corrosion
fuel you can step on oil
fuel that it does not corrode
has anti-electric shock treatment
so it also prevents user from
to take much sought after electric shock
including by electricians for this
reason has a very cool design here
This is a beautiful drawing that
a component that allows your foot to rotate
avoiding some kind of twisting energy 360
here too.
present in this template
in short a safety footwear the
professional past with several
characteristics and components of
safety and not casual appearance is a
tractor when it comes to
safety components and accessories
but you can put the
shopping comfort size such a
his beauty and his style well
nice then is steve webster the energy
east from here with a composite spout
Mamluk aquino is more total